cleanup: fix version # merge conflict and move to deprecated.md (#13731)
googleapis/google-cloud-cpp: doc/deprecated.md

</details>

<details>
<summary>Pubsub: remove legacy admin topic APIs</summary>
<br>

> - On 2024-12-31 (or shortly after) will remove the hand-written versions of the

Reviewer: None of the other warnings here bother with the (as you observed offline) mostly meaningless dates.  So, just _"We will remove the ..."_?

Author: Ack, done

been superseded by versions generated automatically from the service
definitions. The new APIs can be found in the
[`google/cloud/pubsub/admin`](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-cpp/tree/main/google/cloud/pubsub/admin)
tree and within the `google::cloud::pubsub_admin` namespace. Starting with the

> v1.32.0 release, and depending on your compiler settings, using the old

Reviewer: s/1.32/2.23/

Author: Done

> v1.32.0 release, and depending on your compiler settings, using the old

Author: ```suggestion
v2.33.0 release, and depending on your compiler settings, using the old
```

> v2.33.0 release, and depending on your compiler settings, using the old

Reviewer: s/2.33/2.23/

Author: Done

> classes/functions may elicit a deprecation warning. See [#7356] for more

Reviewer: Did we lose a link here?  And, it looks like it was a link to a Spanner issue.

Author: It should still be linked below.

Author: agh I see it's spanner in the original too.

Author: Ok added the new issue

</details>

<details>

> <summary>2024-12-31: retiring legacy Pubsub admin APIs</summary>

Reviewer 2: The following is more consistent. We probably also want to alphabetize the library entries, like we do in the CHANGELOG:

```
<summary>Pubsub: remove legacy admin APIs</summary>
```

Author: done

<br>

> - On 2024-12-31 (or shortly after) we are planning to remove the hand-written

Reviewer 2: Reword this to be more definitive.

```
We will remove the hand-written...
```

Author: done

> - On 2024-12-31 (or shortly after) we are planning to remove the hand-written

Reviewer: Perhaps this should use the more intentional _"We will remove ..."_ text, like above.

Author: done

>   versions of the Pubsub topic admin APIs. These have been superseded by

Reviewer 2: s;Pubsub topic;Pub/Sub;

</details>

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra blank lines?

Author: Done
